what's up YouTube it should grow kk and
as you can see i'm rocking the
silhouette this is number 30 number four
and number two so it took some getting
used to because the colors are so light
but it is what it is so I am vlogging
today because over the weekend I got up
into the bathroom got on the scale and I
am now in the 160s then the next day I
started my period then I jumped back up
to like 171 but it doesn't matter i
reached the 160s and that is exactly
where i'm going to be you know when my
inflow goes away um a lot of things did
happen over the weekend a lot of people
reached out to me and they said you know
there were certain vitamins that I
should take and um one of my friends on
there said that it was biotin 5,000 so i
put in a quick order for that other than
that you know I've had a couple of
arguments with people that consider this
to be cheating I personally don't
deserve to be cheating I think that I
made a conscious decision to do this and
that it was a that was his tired tired
of looking at myself and I like a lesson
in the mirror now granted I have really
never been obese heavy yes obese know
the obesity started maybe 22 years prior
to the surgery I think between 2002 2010
my weight skyrocketed so the heaviest
that I was 246 and then us the game
surgery always choose 30 I think to 30
32 34 something like that so right now
and I well when I got on the scale
Saturday
one 69.8 and I'm I was happy about it I
mean it shit wanted to be 67 your dad
rules 169 because i know that i didn't
plateau after 170 s i thought that i had
really wait because i had been in the
170 since thanksgiving but anyway I
gotta to really really heated argument
look a friend of my sisters and he
really gets gets me really proud is that
skinny people can always tell you all
you need to do you know I'm saying that
you've heard that well all you need to
do is stop eating after six well all you
need to do stop eating carbs well all
you need to do is work out you know what
I don't give a fuck about what any of
you fuckers think about me period I did
what the fuck i had to do the weight is
coming off you can kiss my ass somebody
even said that i should stop saying that
i had surgery when I am they should just
say I make you better and healthier
choices about my health I'm not afraid
of keeping it real I mean I'm not afraid
of telling people I had surgery you know
this is what I had to do the kind of
person that I can't eat one broccoli
stem a day injuring 20 gallons of water
and lose weight and work out seven days
a week three hours a day that wasn't me
I mean I know I'm being a bit facetious
but that just that just wasn't me so
anyway um my hair is braided up
underneath here i don't i'm home i'm
really hoping that the m
the hair loss is not permanent that it
will definitely grow back it was
actually you know it was still a bit
Rudy that I went to give my hair to it
though it is growing but the hair loss
I'm telling you was a sickness it was it
was substantial it was a lot of hair
that bailed out on me so anyway this is
kind of boring so I'm not even going to
keep at you guys um vlog but just wanted
to tell you guys I finally did it on
saturday i reached 1 69.8 oh
you